My friends, you wanted to see how the company GOOD WOOD works, and how the process of building can be controlled. Actually, I've already forgotten how this works, therefore, let's have an excursion through the departments. We'll ask around and see, who does what. I shall as well remember how my personnel look like. - By the way, our subscribers comment a lot. - Everyone has his fears. - The market is small, but there are some offers. - We'll make a hit. - It costs a pretty penny. - Usually men fund. - Due to my statistics, it's 50/50. - At which cost? - It might be 50. - Here, 50 million, please. A new range will be even better. - People ask, of course. - We tell almost nothing about it. - Then everybody will see it. - It'll be deplorable/frustrating - We'll wait. - Yes, we will wait. They are afraid of camera, by the way. We are in the call-center of our company. This is head of department. Nastya, can I come in? - What is this call center for, what does it do anyway? - The main function of the call-center is receiving incoming calls and, naturally, redirect them throughout the company. - You distribute them? - Of course! - How many calls have you redirected today? - About 40 or 50. - Why is there no calls at the moment? - We'll wait. - Yes, we will wait... - These hanging displays, what are they for? - They let us see how the company is working. We have every office displayed. Here's Nizhnyi Novgorod, Saint Petersburg, our plaza, Barrikadnaya. We check for unoccupied staff members and redirect the calls to them, in order to minimize waiting time for our customers. We have to pick up the phone at the first hoot. It is put out in our company's site, so that you could watch it real time on the web. - Great! - Anastasia, head of Sales Department. Ivan, leading manager of Zelenograd Sales Department. If I'm not mistaking, you were the one who sold more houses than anyone else last year. - Right. - How many contracts did you make last year? - I can't tell precisely, about 35, I guess. - What's their worth? - Around 160 million, I guess. - Anastasia, tell us, please, what Sales Department is needed for? - It's purpose is to sell houses. That's quite a twist :) - Why would we need it if it does nothing? - First of all, for the company to exist. - How many customers come here being ready to buy a house? - One of the hundred. - If all the customers came here ready to buy house, we would only need 1 or 2 managers here. - I.e. first of all, we help our customers with the choice of material, budget, sometimes location. So far, consumers come, but it is hard for them to decide. - What are the main customers' objections? What do you usually have to tell customers in details? - Why our company sells more expensive than the others. Because we work in quite a high-end range. Everyone has his fears, I guess. - How many customers are interested in the technical details? How everything's glued, what tenon, which angle, which lamina. - At least half of them. We offer coming to industrial premises to all of them, so that they could watch the process of manufacturing. And with the half of the customers we visit the completed homes. - Who usually makes a decision, a husband or a wife? - The main impetus always belongs to a woman. A man usually funds. - Anastasia, how many managers are there in your department? - There are seven people in the department. - Where are they? Where did they disappear? - Someone is out at the meeting. We have 4 sales departments... - There are seven managers per office in Moscow. Three in every of regional offices in Nizhnyi Novgorod and Saint Petersburg. - There are more sales departments, that we forget about. They are being developed. - We'll show it to you for certain as soon as we get there. Flemish, Nikolskaya and Shishkin. There are managers working too, explaining, doing something... - Anastasia, how many houses have you sold previous year? - About 250 houses. - What is the average bill? - Our average bill is about 8 million. - The range is from 5 to 20, I guess. - Yes, it is sometimes up to 20. - What was the most expensive house we've sold? - About 35. - There is some spa complex being designed at the moment. 1000 square meters. - Yes. - Let us go to architects, we'll inquire about it there. - So, we're heading to the Architects' office. When a customer has approved of the project and funded it, the project passes to architects. The architect discusses with a customer, what a future house will be like. What color, what rooms, amount of storeys, location. We are going to find it out. Let's go to them. Let's go, my friends. - I smiled. - Smiling is good. Head of the architect office, Nadezhda Shiryaeva. Nadya, tell us about your office please. How many staff are there? - Ten architects. - And designers? - Four. - Visualizers are outsourced. - As well as collaborative architecture bureaus. - How many architectural designs do we provide per month? - We do about 500 projects a year. Part of them are production homes or redesigning, and the rest is custom individual projects.According to my statistics, it's 50/50. - Individual projects are generally larger, aren't they? - Average area is about 350-400 and the range is probably from 150 to 1400. - As far as I understand, the project may be fully complete or just as a concept. - When a customer doesn't know what he wants, of course we offer a concept. It's a kind of minimal offer. Minimalistic design and visualizing. I.e., it's an image of a house that is created in order to help in making a decision concerning the future view of the house. We also have schematic design and complex design, when all the stages of project modelling including utilities and working documentation. We try our best to succeed in integrated approach. It's not always possible. Sometimes we have to start building in haste. And in the process... - Yes. there may be phased design. - Whar are the most interesting projects that we are working on? - Here is quite an interesting design. It's made of stone. But it looks like if it was... - Wooden? - ...modern chalet. It seems to be made of timber and plaster and stone, but actually it's a stone construction.Three-storey building, more that 800 square meters. - Yes, it's interesting. - At the moment I'm making an author's architecture supervision for the church that is being built by our company. We have a private office, where I check the reports of our co-workers. Technical Surveillance ingeneer. I compare to the design decisions that we used to apply earlier. For example, I have a project here, and it is a 3D model. Here I check the photos of a completed project and compare them to the details of the project design. - We haven't mentioned that, first of all, it is being built in Moscow, there are few such projects there. A few a year. - But the photos here are with high detalization with all the nodes, thing in details being here in my office. - By the way, here was an interesting sequence of events. Seam roofing, is it? As I can see, there's a bitumen shingles roofing in the design. - Yes, there was bitumen shingles roofing initially, but in the construction process they preferred seam roofing. - I even heard that it was drawn by outsourced visualizers. The ones you told before about. They drew a seam roofing for some reason, an artistic preference. - The customer liked it very much. - He said he wanted it that way. - And nothing could change his mind. - But the seam roofing is more expensive, we said. But he decided already. - That is why we fixed it in the project design, because drainage system slightly differs from a common one. Then we showed it to a customer for approval and assembled it. - Hi, Julia! - Good day to you. - Nadya told me, that you have some interesting projects. - There are some. The project 'm working on at the moment is a concept. An equestrian center "Forside". - We've been there, by the way. - Yes, that's right. - The center is big and popular. But there wasn't enough place for visitors to excercise, to swim, to get spa-treatment. It turned out that the sauna is not enough for the people who come there. That's why a big center with health spa, swimming pool and a small gym is being constructed. - I can explain it to our subscribers that there was a crafty story behind. I contacted the owner. Some people come there, rent a bathhouse and have a good time there. People who need a massage have no such opportunity. The complex will have such facilities, rooms, no matter the rent. - In addition, there will be a nursery, so that it would be a fully equipped family resort. - What is the area of it, by the way? 1288 square meters. Is it the first floor? - Yes, that's a single-storey building. There's dense construction. Low-rise. - And at which stage of the construction? - A concept. - I.e., we show it to a customer and calculate. How much will it cost approximately? - Perhaps 50. - Here, 50 million. - There is another project in Almaty suburb. There will be an integrated construction in the mountains. Many houses. There will be a restaurant, a home for the host of all this facilities, and many guest houses with their individual saunas. - The main sauna-house. - This is the host's house, I suppose? - Yes that's the owner's house. - And the guest houses are... - For rent. - Are they for rent? - Yes, I see. And how many houses is there? - About 10 houses due to the project. There will be some more guest houses in time due to necessity. There's enough place for it. In addition there will be a ski resort. What is it launched for? People will come to the resort, ski and spend a good time there. - I hope, we aren't going to build elevators, are we? - No. - So, that is not our specialization. - So, the owner wants to combine it and time it together. - I see. If he orders building, then, I think, we'll come to ski there. - At what stage is it? - The project designs are approved, in the next month or two we are planning to launch the building process. - You mean, we already have an approval? - Yes. - Well, good luck to you then, and thank you! See you! Production and Technical Department - Hello, Alex! - Good day to you, Alexander. - Frankly, I think that your department is the most interesting. - Not very long ago it became twice as interesting as it was before. - Yes, tell us please. What its name, what it does? Later I'll ask something very smart. - Our department is called Project department, because we deliver the working projects throughout all our large and small building. It starts of course with foundations, i.e., reinforced concrete structures. Then, if it's a combo-house, there's a brick part of architecture design and a wooden part. I.e. wooden construction of combo-homes. They are also classified into several groups, We make beam houses, glued laminated timber, fachwerk technology, and our newest technology beam-fachwerk, that is a hit nowadays. - Is it popular? Does anybody inquire about it? - Of course, people ask about it. Everyone started spreading copies in social networks. They started chopping logs, I guess. Round ones. - Yes, I can imagine that. - We also produce different types of roofing. All manner of it. For different buildings, constructions, etc. In addition, public buildings like GOOD WOOD Plaza. Sports complexes, etc. Then we have a second part of design. It's engineering. It includes heating, water supply, drainage, sewerage, electricity, low-current solutions. That is also a big part of a very interesting technology introduced in our homes. - How many people work for you at the moment? - At the moment there are 28 people in project design department, 11 people work on heavy-load structures, and 16 people in engineering department. - On heavy-load -- they can also be grouped, right? - Yes, there are different groups. Two of them specialize in reinforced concrete structure parts, Here are architecture design solutions. Eight wooden construction specialists and me, the head. The same is for the engineering department. An HVAC-PS ingeneer, two electricity superspecialists, main and power-. - Are they here? - Yes, sure. They are always online. - We also have an automation engineer. - Right, low-current, automation, smart house. This is Alexey, he combines everything in one, interconnects it: boiler room, pools, etc. - There are also supply engineers. - Yes, we have such engineers. Supply ingeneers are in project design department. They revise all the materials for all sections of construction, the precise amount and kinds of material. - Because few people are competent in it. - Usually nobody pays attention to it. Either it's ordered altogether by the supply department, or the foremen have to order by themselves, and then see if something's left. - I.e., our company is very peculiar in this aspect that we have this direction specified. The result is: architects create a project, i.e., the way it will look like, etc. Than it passes to engineers, who work out the details. Than the details need to be somehow transferred to a building site. - Yes, through articles and nomenclature. - Right, because a project scheme is one thing, and another thing is that we have to produce something by ourselves and buy something from distributors. So, when it is split, it can be passed to provision supply department. This stage of work is usually a blurred one. - It's either relied on foremen, or some contractors. - I.e., a foreman checks the schemes, considers something for himself. And that is a lack of system though. - Maxim, tell us please, what is your department? - At the moment I'm designing a very interesting home. It is built with a countersunk dovetail joint. - How many projects do you complete per month? - That depends on a complexity of a project. - I understand that. - 4-5 projects if in haste. If there's some individual project, it takes me about a month. - Is it already paid for? A customer is going to have it built? - Right, 100%. - That is, he is not only thinking about it, right? He is building it for sure? Do you intent to go to the construction site? - Yes, yes, it's very interesting. - Is foundation being constructed already, or not yet? - It's already done. -The foundation is ready, covered with snow. Everything is fine. - It gathers strength now. - Yes, I understand that. Part of timber is being sliced. And you are finalizing the roofing, right? - Right, the roof. - Are there any load-bearing elements? Beams, etc. - There are hips, valleys. It is a dovetail joint. An architect decided to build a hip roof here. - It is a very interesting project. An apartment building or something like that? - It's a bathhouse. - A bathhouse? How many square meters? - 242. - 242, in one level? - Yes, it's single-storey. - You design HVAC and PS. What does is stand for? - Heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and plumbing and sewerage. Boiler equipment can also be attributed to that. - How many projects per month do you complete? - If they are production homes, then 4-5 projects. - What stages does your work consist of? - First of all, I receive a technical requirements specification. Taking all the customer's wishes into account. - What does it consist of? - We coordinate plumbing fixture arrangement, heating devices arrangement in technical requirements specification. We chose a main heating system, what it will be like. Radiator heating system, heated floors only, air conditioning, heating only. We chose heating resources for a customer. Gas, gas-holder, pellets, electricity. The range of our services is very wide. Let's assume, we give our customer a preliminary arrangement design of what he wanted. Then all the necessary calculations are made, pipeline drawing. Boiler equipment drawing. BOM calculation. Everything is documented and issued to the customer. If everything is approved, the project is launched into the building process. - As far as I can see, gas heating is most popular, because we're in Russia, right? - Yes, mostly yes. - What is it's power usually? Let's assume a 200-meter home. - Our average homes have a 24-28 kilowatt boiler. It's optimal for a home and for a boiler. - Let me remember, there's some limitation. 5 cubic meters is allowed by a gas company. - 5 cubic meters, right. But that is approximately 50 KW. If more than 50 KW is needed, the requirements will be different. - Do they usually order gas stoves, or orders vary? - 50% order a gas stove. - It's not that often, because - In Moscow the quality of gas is high. But in province it is different. Hotplates are not that hot. So, it's easier to install electric stoves. - There's the question. How do you calculate the power of a boiler? - The power of a boiler is calculated in accordance with home's heat losses. All the constructive details, load-bearing elements are taken into consideration. Windows, bars, floor sandwich properties, roof sandwich properties All of it is taken into account by means of special software. All the properties are entered and, subsequently, heat losses of a home are calculated. In addition we can discuss some additional buildings with a customer, so that they were planned in advance instead of facing any difficulties later. The boiler is chosen based on all the information. - What are the in-house measurement parameters? What temperature there should be? - 20-22 Celsius for non-residential premises, and 22-24 Celsius for living quarters. - That means that, if there is -35 degrees Celsius outside, there might be less than 25 inside. There'll be 20, conditionally. - If -35 lasted for a couple of weeks, it would be frustrating. And if only for two days, you'll hardly notice it. - This is usual, because such extreme low temperature makes people use additional heating, oil heaters for instance. What about condensing boilers? - Do the customers like them? - People use them widely in Europe. In Russia, they are expensive. they aren't subsidized by the state, so, there is but 15% of them. - Recently I found out that a spent condensate from these boilers can't be poured into septic system. Do you know that? - Yes, of course. - Bacteria die because of it. - Right, condensate converter is necessary. - Is there any special device or something? - Actually, yes. It's a mineral tray where the condensed liquid is poured. Only after that it is goes to the sewage. There it is neutralized. - Then it's all right? And the bacteria may eat it with pleasure? Do we actually install something like that? - Yes, we do. - I see. Do our people like floor-standing boilers? Or wall mounted boilers? Me, I'm a wall-mounted boiler fan. I think that they are less complicated and easier to install, and cheaper. There's no need to overpay. - I think, that the closer they are to Moscow, the more they prefer wall mounted boilers. Those who live far from the center, in case we make contract with them, they like something massive, standing on the floor. - Which of the following variants is most reliable, how do you think? The first is a floor boiler which costs about 200 thousand roubles, a good one, or the alternative option of two wall mounted boilers, 50 thousand each? - I'd prefer the design with two wall mounted boilers. First of all, it's a backup system, if there are two boilers. The second point is, if there's a malfunction, the replacement won't cost you a pretty penny. A floor boiler demands different care. It's much harder to maintain. - Nevertheless, people use them, we don't object. Feel free to use it! - Tell us please, as far as I know, you design power supply. What are the stages of your work? - Power supply design is much the same as HVAC, etc., but it has it's peculiarities. First, we get a request for a proposal from a customer where he formulates his wishes concerning his future home. We consequently process these project requirements and send back to the customer for approval. He consults his family and gives us his decision tells us what to improve, or that everything suits him, and we continue working on the project. - What's a request for a proposal, what is there in it? For example, I want a washer to be right here, right? And a TV should be there. He hardly understands anything, right? He needs your advise. - Right. And, consequently, we propose our options and well-established patterns, basing on our working experience. Consumers usually miss outdoor electrical wiring for such objects as garden houses, saunas. They haven't thought about it in the beginning, And later it is a little harder to carry out, when final finishing is done. This details should be considered on the stage of design. - New Year lighting. - Yes, a New Year backlighting, landscape lighting. It looks very nice, and many people miss that part. But when they see it at their neighbour's place, they also want it. But it's either more expensive or impossible to carry out. - In fact, we have to mount some cables. - Yes. Cable with no raceway, that is not that beautiful. That's different level of service. That is why we sort all these details out and offer them to a customer. - When we spoke to our HVAC PS engineer we forgot to say something. People often forget about irrigation. Because when a home is being built, there's wet clay, a customer doesn't think about it. When it's completed, a customer starts to plant something, and thinks about how he is going to water it. Then he starts to do something with a watering hose -- plugging it, throwing it down the window, - Through the window. - And so on. It would be much better to have designed a water pipe with a faucet earlier. The same is with New Year lighting. - Yes. We inform our customers about such things. We have a brief where technical requirements and general issues to pay attention to are marked. - So, when project requirements are approved, what else? - I start making calculations and form a single-line scheme. That's a switchboard, so to say. Competently assembled switchboard, and a main element of home safety. We won't be economizing on the switchboard. Separate switches protect washing machine, dishwashing machine, all power-consuming devices. Indecent electricians usually economize by means of these power lines. They put many power-consuming devices on a single cable. In the result, there are fail-safe disconnects, and the electricians increase the nominal value. This cable is not designed for higher nominal values, so it gets hot, electricity isn't switched off And in time a cable breaks down. It starts acting as a kettle, electrical insulation cracks then RCD workout starts. If there's an RCD designed. Again, a rural electrician comes to turn an RCD off, which may cause a fire. These are the main mistakes made by incompetent electricians. - Yes, and we monitor it thoroughly. We don't want customers to intervene our electric schemes. We'll better refine something for free, right? As you have said it, we have several levels of protection, but all of them may be bypassed. You've calculated a switchboard, energy, what else? - I finally form a project and specifications calculation. Then I send it to a customer. The customer studies it, then signs a certificate of completion of work, that the project is fulfilled. Then I pass it to a specification ingeneer, who inputs all the information into 1С database for forming an order for the electrical team - You mean, that you decide everything electronically in general. - Yes, in general. But sometimes I need to go to a construction site. - Do electrical teams complete their work fast? How much does it take to set up electrics? If the team is experiences, and the house is a production one, it is done very fast. From 2 to 4 days. It may be even earlier possible to close the frame or a floor. - Well, good luck to you, and goodbye! - Bye! - Hello, Eugene! As I can see, at the moment you are calculating a wall set. - Right, it's a wall set. - Great! - Material organization engineer is the first who looks through project documentation. I check for blots and excessive entries. Then I proceed with calculations. Here we have a large 1С node database. I calculate everything, input it into 1С, create orders and pass them to the supply department. - I'd like to mention, that our company has a unique approach towards low-rise construction. We can see the nod 202. Here are 56 pillars for the 50th beam. We enter this data into the system, and it automatically calculated, that a node consists of - a pillar for a plank, screws, jute, if needed. - Further it's automatically divided into components. and automatically passed to the supply department. Our subscribers asked, how we can control 500 lines, right? And that's one of the perks. The constructors, from the very start, indicate the kind of nodes the amount of different kind of joints, sometimes per linear meter, sometimes in pieces, sometimes in cubic meters. You input it, and the system splits in into components. - And it forms requests. An order for our storage, one is for suppliers, and, subsequently, it all finally goes to a construction site. Then a surveillance ingeneer also checks everything concerning this node. I think, that's a good system, do you agree? - Yes. and quite a fast one. And the architects and the architects and the designers can focus on projects. - Do foremen ever complain? That's okay, thank you! - This used to be our model home. 106 square meters. Nowadays we don't build such homes. That's why this demo-home is inhabited by the staff. When we finish building our Plaza, we'll all move there and knock this house down. But now here is our R&D department. In Russian it's called a department of scientific research. This is where new models and technologies are developed. Since we're already at their place, let's get acquainted. - Greetings, Ilya! I've already mentioned, that we have an R&D department here. Tell us, what does this department do, because most low-rise building companies lack such department. - Our department emerged not very long ago, in 2017. The major goal that was set before us was improving the quality of produced homes and building supplies, and the nods applied, the search for new technological solutions, market analysis for the Russian and the global markets. - Michael, what tasks are you working on at the moment? - At the moment I'm studying the ventilation system, that you provided recently. This is a new ventilation project. We study competitors' products for comparison. - By the way, our subscribers comment some certain links. There are sensors, there are everything... - I replied to many of them. - We aren't concerned about certain brands. We will gladly consider different options. Including cheaper ones. But only in case the quality is relevant. - The market is small, bit there are still some proposals, and we take them into consideration. - As far as know it from my conversation with Ilya, that they are quite inexpensive, but these bending costs a fortune. - Just at the present moment, exactly today, I spend a whole day to study competitors, producing air ducts. The main target is it's capacity. How much air can pass through it. That is the main task, And then goes configuration, how many fittings there are, ease of use and additional parameters like flexibility, silence while operating. - So, ventilation it is. What have you been doing before? - Last week we were occupied in a task, that doesn't quite refer to my specialization. We studied our project and found a small problem with a brick. We optimized it. - Large amount left. - The amount, and why it is being designed and built like that. Why the nods are sometimes left incomplete. We recommend on how to improve technical documentation that is sent to the site, so that it was easier to read it, and it was super-comprehensive. - Let us approach Elena and ask her. - At the moment my main task is delivery supply serial numbers, and, in particular, how this staff is presented via the website. Because our houses are stuffed with all kinds of different interesting things, high-tech peculiarities, supervision, and the things that nobody else can do. We say almost nothing about it. And now I am delivering information about homes configuration and components to our customers via website, and the amount of additional options and useful things they'll get. - I would tell about a specific example, that happened recently in Kazan, when wrong concrete was poured. We always try our best to use only certificated mixture. We supervise these concrete mixing stations, but, nevertheless, sometimes the quality of the concrete happens to be low. The foundation is filled, and now we destroy it. It is totally free for the customer. We take the responsibility even if it wasn't our fault. If the concrete doesn't gain strength, we break it. But we said nothing about it earlier. - That is the responsibility degree that we hold, for every component of home and every stage of building process. At the moment I deliver this information via our website. - So, our foundation is more expensive, but there are certain benefits, including a certain responsibility degree and the supervision, that we'll discuss later. Are there any interesting projects at the moment? What was the last project you completed working on? - Recently we brought two Porotherm large-block projects, but that technology is not ours. But we refined them, finalised and brought them out. This month there are going to be additional refined projects SP 265 and SP 190, home models are beam homes, but with our know-how technology, with big picture windows. We know how to build beam houses with big windows. Also, in perspective, a new understanding of a production homes appearance. Actually, there is a production home formula in the head already, the new range will be even better. - Great, that means, that home 237 is eventually copied by all our competitors. - They don't catch up. We constantly refine and improve it. - Yes, but nevertheless, they all have it. Concerning the house 265, it's much more technically complex, for example, there's indeed some know-how. Later we'll certainly show what it's worth. Some walls there work on the principle of shrinkage, some are without shrinkage. Here's a part of the wall without shrinkage. Could anyone build something like that? - I haven't seen completed houses for sure. And the sites may contain any images, they are posted blindly. - And then they think about "how to build it". - They take our visual content, insert it into their webpages and promise to build the same. Nturally, they can't build it... - We are glad to be leading. What do you think about Fachwerk-beam technology? - I think that it is a promising technology. Because we know that beam houses are very popular, consumers like them a lot. They are nature-friendly, and we know that customers also like Fachwerk, but it's a bit expensive, that is why it's not that widespread. - And it frightens with it's enormous windows. Sometimes consumers fear, that it will be as in a glass box. And the second thing is, they associate it with frame buildings. But a Fachwerk-beam house removes these weaknesses. - That's no flaw, it's personal predilections: Dividing bars influence the appearance outside and stick out inside, kind of occupy extra place. Some consumers would like to avoid them, and a Fachwerk-beam technology allows to unite advantages of both these ways and avoid dividing bars. - You may check this via our website. - I wanted to tell about one more thing. If it's not a spoiler or company secret violation. We are planning to introduce an additional application to our site, a calculator of heating. - Yes. - It will allow a consumer calculate the cost of heating for his future home. He can chose an inside temperature that is comfortable for him to maintain, wall thickness, that he wants or that he can afford. A customer may also chose the design of windows and door options. And get the cost per heating period for different types of fuel. Depending on the type of heating. Maybe there's electricity, or gas, or burning wood in a stove. Inputs it all that and gets a solution. - Yes, I also participate in this project, it's interesting indeed, and yes - it's a spoiler. We do it not only for our homes, we will continue and make it available for other companies, so that any company, or any potential consumer could input some parameters of his house, area, etc., enter it and make calculations for any project including other companies' projects, and find out, how much heating would cost him. and then will make it available for different climatic conditions. There's Moscow climate, and there are different regions. We'll add different operation modes. Because someone plans heating only for New Year holidays, someone needs it all year round, and different people like different temperature. And we are going to consider also an infiltration. I already know how to consider a clever word "infiltration". So, we'll take air infiltration into calculation, we'll consider if a consumer will aerate, there's an option of ventilation, recuperation. We shall consider all these things and make a hit. Later the competitors will start cribbing. But at least our company will be the first who made it, and it will be interesting for sure. My friends, we've visited a lot of departments today. But we haven't reached the most important ones, that can be found here in the Plaza. Here are the marketing department, many engineers, the CR manager, IT offices, a lot of interesting things. The builders are here in the Plaza. Friends, please, leave comments. Did you like today's release? Did you like the information concerning our departments? If you did, please, put likes. Please, mention it in your comments, if I should make further videos about other departments, in order to show you in details how our company works. Hello, friends, we aren't actually making some erotic movie, there's something I must do. A minute please. So, thank you for having watched this video till the end. You're welcome to put likes, subscribe, leave comments. GOOD WOOD is always with you. We support healthy lifestyle. Dive into ice-holes! See you! Hooray!